Add browser support (#36)
sindresorhus/internal-ip: readme.md

The module returns the address of the internet-facing interface, as determined from the default gateway. When the address cannot be determined for any reason, `undefined` will be returned.

> The module relies on operating systems tools. On Linux and Android, the `ip` command must be available, which depending on distribution might not be installed by default. It is usually provided by the `iproute2` package. Only `.v4()` works in [modern browsers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCPeerConnection#Browser_compatibility).

Reviewer: This sentence could be confused of saying that `.v6()` works in non-modern browsers.

Author: This sentence is tough to word correctly without adding any ambiguity because you need to communicate that `.v4()` only works in browsers at all while also saying that it is only supported in modern ones.

> The module relies on operating systems tools. On Linux and Android, the `ip` command must be available, which depending on distribution might not be installed by default. It is usually provided by the `iproute2` package. `.v4.sync()` and `.v6.sync()` doesn't work in browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module relies on operating systems tools. On Linux and Android, the `ip` command must be available, which depending on distribution might not be installed by default. It is usually provided by the `iproute2` package. `.v4.sync()` and `.v6.sync()` are not supported in browsers and just return `undefined`.
```
